Add manual deployment guide for ScalarDB Cluster (#206)
scalar-labs/scalar-kubernetes: docs/ManualDeploymentGuideScalarDBClusterOnEKS.md

# Deploy ScalarDB Cluster on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)

This guide explains how to deploy ScalarDB Cluster on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS).

> In this guide, you will create one of the following two environments in your AWS environment. The difference between the two environments is which [client modes](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb-cluster/blob/main/docs/developer-guide-for-scalardb-cluster-with-java-api.md#client-modes) you use:

Author: There are two client modes in ScalarDB Cluster. So, there are two patterns for deployment on the Kubernetes environment.

> In this guide, you will create one of the following two environments in your AWS environment. The difference between the two environments is which [client modes](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb-cluster/blob/main/docs/developer-guide-for-scalardb-cluster-with-java-api.md#client-modes) you use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will create one of the following two environments in your AWS environment. The environments differ depending on which [client mode](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb-cluster/blob/main/docs/developer-guide-for-scalardb-cluster-with-java-api.md#client-modes) you use:
```

> * Use [`direct-kubernetes` client mode](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb-cluster/blob/main/docs/developer-guide-for-scalardb-cluster-with-java-api.md#direct-kubernetes-client-mode). In this mode, you deploy your application in the same EKS cluster as your ScalarDB Cluster deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[`direct-kubernetes` client mode](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb-cluster/blob/main/docs/developer-guide-for-scalardb-cluster-with-java-api.md#direct-kubernetes-client-mode).** In this mode, you deploy your application in the same EKS cluster as your ScalarDB Cluster deployment.
```

  ![image](./images/png/EKS_ScalarDB_Cluster_Direct_Kubernetes_Mode.drawio.png)  

> * Use [`indirect` client mode](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb-cluster/blob/main/docs/developer-guide-for-scalardb-cluster-with-java-api.md#indirect-client-mode). In this mode, you deploy your application in an environment that is different from the EKS cluster that contains your ScalarDB Cluster deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[`indirect` client mode](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb-cluster/blob/main/docs/developer-guide-for-scalardb-cluster-with-java-api.md#indirect-client-mode).** In this mode, you deploy your application in an environment that is different from the EKS cluster that contains your ScalarDB Cluster deployment.
```

  ![image](./images/png/EKS_ScalarDB_Cluster_Indirect_Mode.drawio.png)

## Step 1. Subscribe to ScalarDB Cluster in AWS Marketplace

> You must get the ScalarDB Cluster container image by visiting [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-rzbuhxgvqf4d2) and subscribing to ScalarDB Cluster. For details on how to subscribe to ScalarDB Cluster in AWS Marketplace, see [Subscribe to Scalar products from AWS Marketplace](./AwsMarketplaceGuide.md#subscribe-to-scalar-products-from-aws-marketplace).

Reviewer: When I go to the [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-rzbuhxgvqf4d2) link, I see a page that shows that the latest version is `ScalarDB Server 3.9`. I worry this might be confusing for users if they are expecting to see `ScalarDB Cluster`.

Author: Ah, sorry. I overlooked this part.
We have to update the URL since the `ScalarDB (BYOL)` and `ScalarDB Cluster [Standard|Premium] Edition` are different products in AWS Marketplace.
I updated the URL in c10051a9403bf875578bad7402f581318b49d1d1.

Reviewer: Thanks! I can't confirm the contents of the AWS Marketplace page when I'm not logged in, but I think that might be intentional.

Reviewer: Got it. Thanks!

Deploy ScalarDB Cluster on your EKS cluster by using the Helm Chart for ScalarDB Cluster. For details, see [Deploy Scalar products using Scalar Helm Charts](https://github.com/scalar-labs/helm-charts/blob/main/docs/how-to-deploy-scalar-products.md).

**Note:** We recommend creating a dedicated namespace by using the `kubectl create ns scalardb-cluster` command and deploying ScalarDB Cluster in the namespace by using the `-n scalardb-cluster` option with the `helm install` command.

## Step 7. Check the status of your ScalarDB Cluster deployment

After deploying ScalarDB Cluster in your EKS cluster, you must check the status of each component. For details, see [Components to Regularly Check When Running in a Kubernetes Environment](./RegularCheck.md).

## Step 8. Monitor your ScalarDB Cluster deployment

After deploying ScalarDB Cluster in your EKS cluster, we recommend monitoring the deployed components and collecting their logs, especially in production. For details, see [Monitoring Scalar products on a Kubernetes cluster](./K8sMonitorGuide.md) and [Collecting logs from Scalar products on a Kubernetes cluster](./K8sLogCollectionGuide.md).

## Step 9. Deploy your application

> If you use [`direct-kubernetes` client mode](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb-cluster/blob/main/docs/developer-guide-for-scalardb-cluster-with-java-api.md#direct-kubernetes-client-mode), you must deploy additional Kubernetes resources. For details, see [Deploy your client application on Kubernetes with `direct-kubernetes` mode](https://github.com/scalar-labs/helm-charts/blob/main/docs/how-to-deploy-scalardb-cluster.md#deploy-your-client-application-on-kubernetes-with-direct-kubernetes-mode).

Author: This part is a ScalarDB Cluster specific step. Especially, if you use the `direct-kubernetes` client mode, you must deploy some resources like `Role`, `RoleBinding`, and `ServiceAccount` to make the `direct-kubernetes` mode client work properly.

There is an existing document for this on the Helm document side. So, I just added the link to that document.
